Add connectors bundle (#35)
camunda/camunda-platform: README.md

Feedback and updates are welcome!

## Connectors

Both docker compose files contain our [out of the box connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview/).

To inject secrets into the connector runtime they can be added to the
[`.secrets`](.secrets) file inside the repository in the format `NAME=VALUE`
per line. The secrets will then be available in the connector runtime with the
format `secrets.NAME`.

To add own connectors either create a new docker image bundling them as
described [here](https://github.com/camunda/connector-sdk/tree/main/runtime-job-worker#docker-job-worker-runtime-image).

> Alternative you can mount new connector jars as volumes in to the `/opt/app` folder by adding this to the docker compose file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can mount new connector JARs as volumes into the `/opt/app` folder by adding this to the docker-compose file.
```

Feedback and updates are welcome!

## Connectors

> Both docker compose files contain our [out of the box connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview/).

Reviewer: Let's be consistent with the documentation.

```suggestion
Both docker-compose files contain our [out-of-the-box Connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview/).
```

> To inject secrets into the connector runtime they can be added to the
> [`connector-secrets.txt`](connector-secrets.txt) file inside the repository in the format `NAME=VALUE`
> per line. The secrets will then be available in the connector runtime with the
> format `secrets.NAME`.
> 
> To add own connectors either create a new docker image bundling them as
> described [here](https://github.com/camunda/connector-sdk/tree/main/runtime-job-worker#docker-job-worker-runtime-image).
> 
> Alternatively, you can mount new connector JARs as volumes into the `/opt/app` folder by adding this to the docker-compose file.

Reviewer: Documentation agreement: `Connector(s)` should be capitalized.

```suggestion
To inject secrets into the Connector runtime they can be added to the
[`connector-secrets.txt`](connector-secrets.txt) file inside the repository in the format `NAME=VALUE`
per line. The secrets will then be available in the Connector runtime with the
format `secrets.NAME`.

To add custom Connectors either create a new docker image bundling them as
described [here](https://github.com/camunda/connector-sdk/tree/main/runtime-job-worker#docker-job-worker-runtime-image).

Alternatively, you can mount new Connector JARs as volumes into the `/opt/app` folder by adding this to the docker-compose file. Keep in mind that the Connector JARs need to bring along all necessary dependencies inside the JAR.
```
